README edits (#280)
aragon/osx: packages/contracts/README.md

# Aragon OSx Protocol contracts

Welcome to the contracts powering the Aragon OSx Protocol!

## Get Started

> To get started running your repository locally, run these commans in the root folder in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started running your repository locally, run these commands in the project root in your terminal:
```

## Get Started

> To get started running your repository locally, run these commands in the project root in your terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started running your repository locally, run these commands on the project's root folder in your terminal:
```
